docs: translate the README in english (#61)
ineat/refcards: README.md

# Refcards

## Content

> List of Refcards available :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List of available refcards :
```

## Contribution

> The contribution be open to all and should follow the simples rulles inside [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contribution is open to all and should follow the simples rules inside the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
